Add standalone VU for OpImageWrite component mismatch (#1916)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Docs: appendices/spirvenv.txt

    operand of 2 and an "`Image Format`" operand of code:Unknown must: be
    decorated with code:NonReadable.
endif::VK_VERSION_1_3,VK_KHR_format_feature_flags2[]

>   * code:OpImageWrite to any variable created with a code:Type of
>     code:OpTypeImage must: have the code:Texel operand contain at least
>     as many components as the code:Image code:Format according to the
>     <<spirvenv-image-formats,SPIR-V Image Format compatibility table>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * code:OpImageWrite to any code:Image whose code:Image code:Format is not
    code:Unknown must: have the code:Texel operand contain at least
    as many components as the corresponding elink:VkFormat as given in the
    <<spirvenv-image-formats,SPIR-V Image Format compatibility table>>
```

It's a bit wordier than I would like, but I think it's unambiguous. I removed the "variable with type code:OpTypeImage" because that is required for all writes. (I think that's left over from the language about Sampled operand being 2)

Author: This looks way better! Thanks as always for time/energy in helping rewording these "fun" VUs

    operand of 2 and an "`Image Format`" operand of code:Unknown must: be
    decorated with code:NonReadable.
endif::VK_VERSION_1_3,VK_KHR_format_feature_flags2[]
  * code:OpImageWrite to any variable created with a code:Type of

>     code:OpTypeImage that has a code:Sampled operand of 2 must: have the

Author: agree, I copied this language from another VU, but I am very happy to remove it

    code:Texel operand contain at least as many components as the

>     code:Image code:Format according to the

Reviewer: It's not immediately clear to me how we would determine the number of components "according to the table". I expected to see a component count in there but there isn't one. (It's not too hard to work out what the correct answer is, but it would be nice to be more explicit here).

Author: So luckily the `vk.xml` has all this information now (which these tables should be generated from in the spec too), an example

```xml
        <format name="VK_FORMAT_R8G8_UINT" class="16-bit" blockSize="2" texelsPerBlock="1">
            <component name="R" bits="8" numericFormat="UINT"/>
            <component name="G" bits="8" numericFormat="UINT"/>
            <spirvimageformat name="Rg8ui"/>
        </format>
 ```
 
 So it will be possible to generate this check in the validation layers to map `Rg8ui` in SPIR-V to having 2 `<component>` tags

Reviewer: My concern was more for someone reading the spec, rather than getting this right in the validation layers (although having this autogenerated there is definitely a good thing). My first thought is that this should say something like "at least as many components as are present in the corresponding Vulkan format, as given in table ...". That doesn't work for Unknown though, for which the corresponding format is "Any".

Author: I plan to take on https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Docs/issues/1920 soon (this week probably) and in there I would be more than happy to add some information/column for how many components it is
